What should our recipe servers do for us.
I guess it makes sense if the recipes service is to place in our app where we manage our recipes therefore
we should take our recipes which we currently manage and our recipe list and manage it in the recipes
service.
That's the first thing with which I'll start so simply copy it for now and add it as a property and
the recipe service.
Of course we now have to add the import pointing to the recipe model file which sits in the same folder
as the service.
So with that we get an array of recipes in the recipe service and I will actually make this private
so that you can directly access this array from outside.
Now with this added I also want to add I get recipe's method which will return this array so that we
can get access to it from outside.
If I were to return it like this I actually return the direct reference to this array.
And since arrays and objects are reference types and Javascript so has nothing to do with angular but
the javascript that is.
Well if we now change something on desiré we will change it on the array into service.
Therefore I will called slice with no arguments.
This will simply return a new array which is an exact copy of the one in disserves file.
So therefore we really can't access your recipes stored here from outside.
We only get a copy.
So that is a way to get our recipes.
Now with that we can and we have to add our service.
Actually both services to a place and our app to provide them so that we can inject them where should
we provide both services Well let's start with providing the recipe service in our recipe component.
We can always put it somewhere else later if we recognize that we want access to it from a number part
in our app.
But for now our ad providers this IRET to the recipe component.
Therefore this component and all Abdur recipe related components since they are all child components
to this component in the end will share the same instance of the service but you won't be able to access
the service or at least not the same instance in Abre components like the shopping list component.
So here in providers I will list my recipe service.
Of course you have to import at the top telling typescript where to find this type.
Now with this we use our Or we can use our recipe service year.
Now let's use it in the recipe list component.
Here right now we already manage our recipe IRA.
Now I don't want to do that here anymore.
It will be undefined initially.
We will get the value here in ngi on in it.
And for this we need to inject our service and we can do that since we just provided it on the parent
component.
So here I will provide my recipe service which is of type recipe service.
Of course make sure to import recipes service from the appropriate file and there should be private
here to use those types of shortcut of instantly assigning a property with the same name and enjoyment
in it.
I can now say this recipe's equals this recipe servers get recipes and we will get a copy of recipes
just copy of that array.
Well let's see this in action if we save this we should and we do see the same as before.
The app works just like before because the only thing we changed but now is where and how we manage
our array of recipes.
An important first step.